Hey guys what a welcome back.
So in this video we're going to be doing is adding a new page to our application.
I want to show you how easy it is to use the scaffolding within Visual Studio So if we stop our server
make sure it's not running right click on controllers and we're going to say add and from here if we
just say add controller we can select an NBC controller and just say and this is where we're going to
give it a name.
Someone called it a music controller and click ADD.
So you'll notice that it's actually it has an index method built for us by the fall.
But if we look at the view there is no view created for us so if we want to create a view if you right
click on view you can just say add view.
And then here we can use the benefit of saying you know what this one is going to have a model I want
to use a model so it's going to be a list model and the list is going to be we have the name book.
Yeah that's that's the only model we have right now.
But let's go out and we'll just use book for right now.
That's right.
And this is where we can say we want to use our layout page and you can go ahead and go under your views
and go to share click your layout page and say ADD and now we'll have an entirely new section of the
Web site.
So if we want to navigate to it instead of saying home we're going to say music so we run the application
and we go over here and where we used to say Home Index we're now going to say music and X and here
what you're going to see is an exception.
And by default Espey dot net is going to have your debugging session information available to you like
you would never want this information available to the public because then a hacker would be able to
exploit you.
But this is something you do want to have in front of you whenever you need to debug.
So it tells you right here what the problem is when we use the scaffolding and we said that we wanted
to list out items.
It was assuming that we were going to be sending down a list of data that we never did.
In fact it was assuming a list of books and we never did.
So you can see it for each statement inside of this template.
So if we look inside the index see SHC Millward this is being thrown.
You'll see that is there for each statement right here and this is where it's blowing up because inside
of the model it's expecting a list of values and there's not.
So in order to fix that we'd have to go to the controller and we've got the music controller and clearly
here we need to be passing down a list of book value.
So we'll just save our my list equals new list of books and we'll just instantiate one new book on your
blog.
And here let's go and click on this and this is where we're going to use intellisense.
You click on the light bulb and then you can go out and it will recommend for you what to do.
Or you can do this you can have it selected in press control dot and it'll do the same thing.
It'll pull up and then Intellisense and you click on that it will add the using statement and everything's
fine.
So now you get the intellisense that you want like the title equals.
You know we're going to have like a movie title whenever an author calls mail gifts and now we're getting
all confused.
We have music books and movies.
All right.
So now that we've done this we're going to go to return our list so we're going to return my list to
the template if we run the application again.
We should actually be OK we're only going to one list or one item listed out but it's still it's not
going to blow up because the for each statement will at least have something to work with.
So we're going to music and it's all right and there you go.
So inside of our thing you can see that we just create new that should be like a link or a button or
something like that but here is our title and then you can go and you can edit these values.